<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_drf_yyt_tjb" audience="Business-Owner Freelancer">
    <title>Payments Overview</title>
    <shortdesc>Over two million businesses use Square payments to get paid. With Square Payments,
        business owners and freelancers alike can accept all their customer payments quickly and
        securely. </shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <section>
            <title>On a phone or tablet </title>
            <div id="phone-tab">
                <p>Square Business users can easily accept credit or debit card payments on the go
                    or in their store.</p>
                <p>Square users can:</p>
                <ul>
                    <li>Print or send digital receipts to their customers</li>
                    <li>Swipe payments in Offline Mode</li>
                    <li>Get access to company funds almost right away with a Square Card</li>
                </ul>
            </div>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Via Invoice</title>
            <div id="invoice">
                <p>Business owners and freelancers can create, send, and track their invoices.
                    Proffessionally designed invoices and estimates gives customers and easier, and
                    secure way to pay.</p>
                <p>Square offers:<ul id="ul_ljj_5cg_yjb">
                        <li>Customizable invoicing software</li>
                        <li>Automated Reminders</li>
                        <li>Transparent Tracking</li>
                        <li>Recurring invoice setup</li>
                        <li>And more!</li>
                    </ul></p>
            </div>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>On your Computer</title>
            <div id="computer">
                <p>When customers are not there in person, business owners can take remote credit
                    card payments over the phone or from the computer.</p>
            </div>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>On your Website</title>
            <div id="website">
                <p>Square users can create an online store, and connect payments through Square.</p>
            </div>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Offline Mode</title>
            <p>In Offline Mode Square, business owners and freelancers will never miss a customer
                sale no matter the issue. If your internet service is down or temporarily
                unavailable, customer card payments can still be swiped. As soon as your device
                regains internet connectivity, all payments are processed.</p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Analytics</title>
            <p>Square users have access to the Square Dashboard at https://squareup.com/us/en.
                Business owners and freelancers can view their sale history, transfers, and best
                selling products and services. Square Analytics also gives Square user customer
                insights, charts, and more.</p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Refunds</title>
            <div id="refunds">
                <p>Square business owners have the option to process funds for payments directly
                    from the square app or through the online Square dashboard. Refunds that are
                    processed through Square on the phone or tablet must be requested and completed
                    within 120 days of the original transaction. Payments processed through the
                    Square dashboard can be refunded within one year of the original purchase.
                    Customers are refunded the full purchase anount and business owners will be
                    refunded the Square proccessing fee.</p>
            </div>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
