<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_drf_yyt_tjb">
    <title>Point of Sale Overview</title>
    <shortdesc>Square users use the Point of Sale system to run their business effecently. Square
        POS app is easy to setup and use right away. The Square Point of Sale app is free to use and
        it allows business owners to get paid right away and give refunds, receive customized
        analytics reports, check and updtate their inventory, and add customers to their directory
        all on an easy to use dashboard. </shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <section>
            <title>Analytics</title>
            <div id="analytics">
                <p>The Square Point of Sale app offers Square users custimazable real time analyrits
                    reports. These reports can illustrate to business owners which items or sevices
                    are selling well, the certain times that the business is the most profitable,
                    and more.</p>
                <p>Analytics Features:<ul id="ul_x4s_jpk_zjb">
                        <li>Filter and search items by sales, discounts, and refunds</li>
                        <li>Customer spending habits</li>
                        <li>Sale tracking</li>
                        <li>Anytime analytic check</li>
                    </ul></p>
            </div>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Dashboard</title>
            <div id="dashboard">
                <p>The Dashboard allows Square users to reduce the amount of paperwork that business
                    owners accumalte. The Dashboard combines all the adminstrative tasks that a
                    business needs in one place for a simple and convient use.</p>
                <p>Dashboard Features:<ul id="ul_cz4_gqk_zjb">
                        <li>Online Dashboard</li>
                        <li>Create and track invoices</li>
                        <li>Manage employee and customer profiles</li>
                        <li>Square Online Store</li>
                        <li>Manage Inventory</li>
                    </ul></p>
            </div>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Inventory</title>
            <div id="inventory">
            <p>The Square Point of Sale app creates a convient and simple to use way for business
                owners to view, manage, and update their inventory stock. Square users can edit
                items, get real time alerts, and update their stock all form the POS.</p>
            <p>Inventory Features:<ul id="ul_fx4_tqk_zjb">
                    <li>Free managemnet of inventory anywhere</li>
                    <li>Easy to read CSV spreadsheat import and export</li>
                </ul></p>
                </div>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Directory</title>
            <p>The Square Customer Directory allows businesses to store important customer history
                and informaton. Business Owners can upload eisting customers to their directory or
                manually add them with customer details with the Square POS app. </p>
            <p>Custome Directory Features:<ul id="ul_q5j_lxk_zjb">
                    <li>Store cards on file securely</li>
                    <li>Instant profiles</li>
                    <li>Track sale details'</li>
                    <li>Personalize customer shopping experience</li>
                    <li>Send custom digital receipts</li>
                </ul></p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
