<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_drf_yyt_tjb">
    <title>Tools Overview</title>
    <shortdesc>Square uses many tools to make businesses successful and profitable.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <section>
            <title>Equipment</title>
            <div conref="c_What-Is-Square.dita#what_is_square/equipment"/>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Team Management</title>
            <div id="team-management">
                <p>With Team Managment, Square users can easily manage their employees and save on
                    labor costs all for free. Team management allows businesses to track their
                    emploess clock in and out from the register. Team managment also offers
                    real-time reports to save on labor costs. Employers can also grant certain
                    employees specific access levels depending on their position.</p>
                <p>Team Management Features:</p>
                <ul>
                    <li>Built into Square POS</li>
                    <li>Optimize labor costs and staffing</li>
                    <li>Track team hours, overtime, and breaks</li>
                    <li>Free timecards for simple payroll</li>
                    <li>Designed with Retail and Resteraunts in mind</li>
                </ul>
            </div>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Payroll</title>
            <div id="payroll">
                <p>Square makes payroll simple for users. Square offers a full-service payroll built
                    by Square. The payroll service is an all in one solution that works with every
                    type of business. Square's online payroll service start at $34 per month for
                    users. Payroll syncs with employee timecards and POS. </p>
                <p>Pricing: Square users pay $29 monthly plus $5 a month per person paid.</p>
                <p>Payroll Features:</p>
                <ul>
                    <li>Pay employees and contractors </li>
                    <li>Health and other benefits</li>
                    <li>Track employee hours</li>
                    <li>Mobile app</li>
                    <li>Salaried and hourly employees</li>
                    <li>Online employee acounts </li>
                    <li>Timecards and tips</li>
                    <li>Phone Support</li>
                    <li>Payroll and tax filings taken care by Square</li>
                </ul>
            </div>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Gift Cards</title>
            <div id="gift-cards">
            <p>Gift Cards in Square allow business owners to boost sales while bringing in new
                customers with Square gift cards. G</p>
        </div>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
