<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_yqm_hxt_tjb">
    <title>Glossary Terms</title>
    <body>
        <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_uyx_3b5_tjb">
            <title>General Square Terms</title>
            <tgroup cols="2">
                <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
                <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
                <thead>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Term</entry>
                        <entry>Definition</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry><xref href="https://squareup.com/help/article/5157" format="html"
                                scope="external">Account Adjustment</xref></entry>
                        <entry>Funds debited or credited to your Square account. Account adjustments
                            are displayed within Transactions of your online Square Dashboard and in
                            your Transactions spreadsheet.</entry>
                    </row>
                </thead>
                <tbody>
                    <row>
                        <entry><xref href="https://squareup.com/help/article/3882" format="html"
                                scope="external">Chargeback Period</xref></entry>
                        <entry>The number of calendar days during which the cardholder or issuer has
                            the right to dispute the transaction with the acquirer.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry><xref href="https://squareup.com/help/article/3807" format="html"
                                scope="external">Close of Day</xref></entry>
                        <entry>The time your payments are grouped for transfer daily. Customize your
                            close of day time to receive a single transfer for a full day’s business
                            activity.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry><xref href="https://squareup.com/help/article/5126" format="html"
                                scope="external">Deferred Funds</xref></entry>
                        <entry>An amount of earned funds that will be payable at a later
                            date.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry><xref href="https://squareup.com/help/article/5176" format="html"
                                scope="external">Manually Entered Transaction</xref></entry>
                        <entry>The act of manually entering payment information for transactions in
                            which the card isn’t present (phone or internet orders). When manually
                            entering a payment, you need to enter the card number, expiration date,
                            CVV, and billing zip code. All of this information is required to
                            process a manually entered payment.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry><xref href="https://squareup.com/help/article/5060" format="html"
                                scope="external">Refund by Amount</xref></entry>
                        <entry>Refunding your customer a specific dollar amount, instead of the full
                            purchase amount.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry><xref href="https://squareup.com/help/article/5174" format="html"
                                scope="external">Swiped Transaction</xref></entry>
                        <entry>A swiped transaction is a payment accepted through the Square
                            magstripe reader, chip card reader, or Square Stand.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry><xref href="https://squareup.com/help/article/3896" format="html"
                                scope="external">Non-Transactional Bank Account</xref></entry>
                        <entry>A bank account is considered non-transactional if Square can only
                            credit, but not debit funds. Square requires a transactional bank
                            account in the event of refunds or chargebacks.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry><xref href="https://squareup.com/help/article/3896" format="html"
                                scope="external">Transactional Bank Account</xref></entry>
                        <entry>A bank account where funds can be credited and debited. This allows
                            Square to establish two-way communication with your account in the event
                            of refunds or chargebacks.</entry>
                    </row>
                </tbody>
            </tgroup>
        </table>
        <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_bpv_3lh_5jb">
            <title>Analytics Terms and Definitions</title>
            <tgroup cols="2">
                <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
                <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
                <thead>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Term</entry>
                        <entry>Definition</entry>
                    </row>
                </thead>
                <tbody>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Gross Sales</entry>
                        <entry>Overall product sales in a period, including <xref
                                href="https://squareup.com/help/article/5119" format="html"
                                scope="external">modifiers</xref>. This amount is not adjusted for
                            refunds or discounts, and doesn’t include taxes and tips collected on a
                            sale. Gross sales exclude the sale of a physical gift cards from Square,
                            but include the sale of products tendered with your gift cards.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Refunds</entry>
                        <entry>Amount of product refunded in a give period. It excludes partial
                            refunds, and refunds of gift cards sales</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Discounts</entry>
                        <entry>Deductions applied at the time of sale. Discounts are calculated
                            before tax, and can be applied either as a percentage or dollar amount
                            of the entire sale or to a specific item. Discounts applied to the sale
                            of physical gift cards from Square are excluded.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Net Sales</entry>
                        <entry>Gross sales amount minus discounts and refunds. Net sales describe
                            the overall product sales in a period, after the deduction of refunds
                            and discounts. Net sales don’t reflect the sale of Gift Cards.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Gift Card Sales</entry>
                        <entry>Total amount collected from the sale of <xref
                                href="https://squareup.com/help/article/5432" format="html"
                                scope="external">Square Gift Cards</xref>. This measure is adjusted
                            for refunds and discounts applied to Gift Card sales.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Tax</entry>
                        <entry>Sales tax amounts applied at the time of sale. Tax is calculated on a
                            per-transaction basis.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Tips</entry>
                        <entry>Gratuity added to the transaction by your customers. This excludes
                            cash tips because they’re not recorded in the Square app. See the
                            specific tip applied for each card payment in the <xref
                                href="https://squareup.com/dashboard/sales/transactions"
                                format="html" scope="external">Transactions list</xref>.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Cash Rounding</entry>
                        <entry>Adjustments applied according to the Swedish Rounding System. Applies
                            in countries where low denomination coins have been discontinued.
                            Rounding is applied on the whole bill (not each individual item) after
                            discounts, tax, and tip are applied.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Total Collected</entry>
                        <entry>Total amount collected from the customer. Total collected includes
                            net product sales in a given period, tax, tip, gift cards from Square
                            sales, and other cash rounding adjustments collected from the
                            customer.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Fees</entry>
                        <entry>Total <xref href="https://squareup.com/help/article/5068"
                                format="html" scope="external">Square processing fees</xref> in a
                            given time period. Fees will be deducted from your next
                            transfer.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Net Total</entry>
                        <entry>Total collected amount minus fees. Net total reflects the amount
                            collected from your operations after Square’s fees are deducted.</entry>
                    </row>
                </tbody>
            </tgroup>
        </table>
        <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_spz_m33_5jb">
            <title>Customer Terms</title>
            <tgroup cols="2">
                <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
                <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
                <thead>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Term</entry>
                        <entry>Definition</entry>
                    </row>
                </thead>
                <tbody>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Your Customers</entry>
                        <entry>The number of customers that have purchased from you within a given
                            period of time. Customers are identified based on their payment card.
                            Purchases from Cash and Other Tender are excluded entirely.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Returning Customers</entry>
                        <entry>Returning Customers are any buyers in a given period that have
                            purchased from you anytime before. A customer is classified as Returning
                            based on their payment card; purchases from Cash or Other Tender are
                            excluded entirely.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>New Customers</entry>
                        <entry>New Customers are any buyers within a given period of time – as far
                            as Square can tell through previous card payments – that have never
                            purchased with you before. Purchases from Cash and Other Tender are
                            excluded entirely.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Customer Spending</entry>
                        <entry>On average, your Total Collected per Customer Visit. Total Collected
                            includes Tax and Tip. No sale transactions are not included in this
                            calculation.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Customer Visits</entry>
                        <entry>On average, your Visits per Customer in a given period.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Customer Frequency</entry>
                        <entry>Customer Frequency is a view of how often your customers visit in the
                            last 30 days, and how much they spend per month. Improving the number of
                            monthly visits over time is an indicator of loyalty and ultimately
                            customer value. These values are based on customers that pay with their
                            payment card.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Customer Recency</entry>
                        <entry>Customer Recency provides a count of the total number of customers
                            who visited within a given period of time, as well as the percentage
                            this number is out of the total amount of customers in your
                            directory.</entry>
                    </row>
                </tbody>
            </tgroup>
        </table>
    </body>
</topic>
