<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA General Task//EN" "generalTask.dtd">
<task id="task_pt2_mfg_yjb">
    <title>Invoice</title>
    <shortdesc></shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p><b>Track your Square Inventory</b></p>
            <p><b>Track Inventory with Stock Alerts</b><ol id="ol_zqq_cm3_5jb">
                <li>From the <b>Item Library</b> in your <xref
                    href="https://squareup.com/dashboard/items/library" format="html"
                    scope="external">online Square Dashboard</xref>, low stock alerts are shown
                    under the Stock Alert column for items with alerts enabled.</li>
                <li>Stock alert notification emails are sent to the email address associated with your Square account daily if 
                    any item with alerts enabled falls below the alert threshold. The email will list any items that 
                    fell below the alert threshold today, as well as any other items that fell below the alert 
                    threshold on previous days.</li>
            </ol></p>
            
            
            
            <p>
                <b>Inventory in the Square App</b>
            </p>
            <p>When you complete a sale with Square, inventory stock automatically decreases to reflect
                the updated item count.</p>
            <p>Sold out items will not block a sale for purchases accepted with Square. Your inventory
                will be updated accurately on your <xref
                    href="https://squareup.com/dashboard/items/library" format="html" scope="external"
                    >online Square Dashboard</xref>, but you still can complete sales for sold out
                items.</p>
            <p>
                <b>View and Edit Inventory in the Square App</b>
            </p>
            <p>
                You can view how much stock you have for a particular item and make adjustments right from the Square app.
            </p>
            <ol>
                <li>Tap the three horizontal lines > <b>Items</b>.</li>
                <li>Create or select an existing item.</li>
                <li>Enter a stock amount under the item details or tap Prices, Sizes, 
                    or SKUs to add stock to an item with multiple variations.</li>
                <li>To adjust stock, tap the stock amount > select a reason > enter amount to be adjusted.</li>
                <li>Save.</li>
            </ol>
        </context>
    </taskbody>
</task>
