<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_zby_yyt_tjb">
    <title>Payments</title>
    <body>
        <p>With Square Payments, business owners can accept their customers paymemts virtualy
            anywhere.</p>
        
        <table>
            <title>Square Payment Options </title>
            <tgroup cols="2">
                <thead>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Payment </entry>
                        <entry>Description</entry>
                    </row>
                </thead>
                <tbody>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Phone or Tablet</entry>
                        <entry>Business owners can accept their customers card payments through a
                            phone or tablet with a Square card reader. Business owners with Square
                            have transparent pricing, no long term comitents or weird fees, and one
                            rate for every card that their customer swipes.</entry>
                    </row>
                    
                    <row>
                        <entry>Via Invoice</entry>
                        <entry>Busineness owners can simplify the way that they create and track
                            invoices for their company. Square users can run their invoicinging
                            busuiness on the go with and IOS and Android app. They also have acces
                            to real time tracking, recurring billing, custom stimates, automatic
                            payment reminders and more.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Computer</entry>
                        <entry>Business owners can also charge customer cards with Square's virtual
                            terminal. If the customer is not there in person, employers can start
                            taking payments in minutes and get their money quickly. </entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Website</entry>
                        <entry>Business owners are able to create a free eCommerce website with
                            intergrations, list their products, and set up Square payments for their
                            company.</entry>
                    </row>
                </tbody>
            </tgroup>
        </table>
    </body>
</topic>
