<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA General Task//EN" "generalTask.dtd">
<task id="task_p5c_y32_yjb">
    <title>Phone or Tablet</title>
    <shortdesc>  With the phone or the tablet Square users can securely accept any customer
        payment.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        
        <context>This task illustrates how business owners can securely accept customer payment.<div
                conref="c_Payment-Overview.dita#concept_drf_yyt_tjb/phone-tab"/></context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>To accept debit and credit payments, Square business owners must download the
                    Square app on their device.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Next, tap the "Sign in" or "Get Started" button. </cmd>
                <substeps id="substeps_qfp_whp_yjb">
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>First time Square users will press the "Get Started" button and enter
                            their email adress and password. Then, users will consent to Square's
                            terms and privacy policy.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>The "Sign in" button directs users to enter their email address and
                            password. </cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Business owners that want to use a device code to sign into their POS
                            without an email or password will tap "Use a Device Code".</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>After submitting your personal information, enable your device settings and
                    notfications. When your device's settings and notification are enabled, press
                    "Start using Square".</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Business owners can take their first payment by pressing the button "Take First
                    Payment" or Square users can skip the payment walkthrough by pressing "Skip
                    Walkthrough"</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>To take the first payment, follow the directions on your device:</cmd>
                <substeps id="substeps_r4s_jlp_yjb">
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Enter $1.00 on the keypad or tap the library icon to access your
                            items.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Now, tap Charge to check out.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Connect to a card reader to Swipe, Insert, or Tap to pay.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd></cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
