<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA General Task//EN" "generalTask.dtd">
<task id="task_c4r_grv_yjb">
    <title>Refunds</title>
    <shortdesc>Refunds are compensations paid to the customer for over invoiceing or returning goods
        and/or services.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p><div conref="c_Payment-Overview.dita#concept_drf_yyt_tjb/refunds"/></p>
            <p>To refund a customer on a Phone or Tablet:</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Tap the three horizontal bar lines on your interface to access the menu
                    bar.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Then, tap "Transactions" in the menu bar to access the Customer Transactions
                    page.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Next, find the customer transaction that you want to refund. The Transactions
                    page lists the custoner orders in order and you can also search by receipt or
                    card number.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Tap the button "Isuue Refund" to access refud page.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Square users are able to issue a refiind by "Items" or "Amount."</cmd>
                <substeps id="substeps_iw1_m41_zjb">
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>To issue receipt by "Items," select the refund option of your customer's
                            preffermece. Then, tap the "Next" button to precced with the refund
                        </cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>To issue a refund by "Amount," type the specific amount on your screen.
                            Then , tap the "Next" button to prpcees with the refund.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>After reviewing refund information, Square users have the option to add a gift
                    card.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Then select the reason for refund and tap the button "Refund".</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>When refund is completed, tap the button "Done" to finish proccess.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
